docs: Update docs for release of Consul API Gateway v0.3.0 (#13427)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/api-gateway/index.mdx

| [`HTTPRoute`](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2.HTTPRoute) | <ul><li>Weight-based load balancing</li><li>Supported rules: path, header, query, and method-based matching</li><li>Supported filters: header addition, removal, and setting</li><li>Supported backend types: <ol><li>`core/v1/Service` (must map to a registered Consul service)</li><li>`api-gateway.consul.hashicorp.com/v1alpha1/MeshService`</li></ol></li></ul> |
| [`TCPRoute`](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2.TCPRoute) | <ul><li>Supported backend types: <ol><li>`core/v1/Service` (must map to a registered Consul service)</li><li>`api-gateway.consul.hashicorp.com/v1alpha1/MeshService`</li></ol></li></ul> |

> | [`ReferencePolicy`](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2.ReferencePolicy) | <ul><li>Required to allow any reference from a `Gateway` to a Kubernetes `core/v1/Secret` in a different namespace.</li><ul><li>A Gateway with an unpermitted CertificateRef caused by the lack of a ReferencePolicy sets a `ResolvedRefs` status to `False` with the reason `InvalidCertificateRef`. The Gateway will not become ready in this case.</li></ul><li>Required to allow any reference from an `HTTPRoute` or `TCPRoute` to a Kubernetes `core/v1/Service` in a different namespace.</li><ul><li>A route with an unpermitted BackendRef caused by the lack of a ReferencePolicy sets a `ResolvedRefs` status to `False` with the reason `RefNotPermitted`. The gateway listener rejects routes with an unpermitted BackendRef.</li><li>WARNING: If a route BackendRef becomes unpermitted, the entire route is removed from the gateway listener. <ul><li>A BackendRef can become unpermitted when you delete a Reference Policy or add a new unpermitted BackendRef to an existing route.</li></ul></li></ul></ul> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`ReferencePolicy`](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2.ReferencePolicy) | <ul><li>Required to allow any reference from a `Gateway` to a Kubernetes `core/v1/Secret` in a different namespace.</li><ul><li>If a `Gateway` contains a `certificateRefs` configuration without a valid `ReferencePolicy`, the `ResolvedRefs` status is set to `False` and the reason is set to `InvalidCertificateRef`, which prevents the `Gateway` from becoming ready.</li></ul><li>Required to allow any reference from an `HTTPRoute` or `TCPRoute` to a Kubernetes `core/v1/Service` in a different namespace.</li><ul><li>If a `route` contains a `backendRef` configuration without a valid `ReferencePolicy`, the `ResolvedRefs` status is set to `False`, the reason is set to `RefNotPermitted`, and the gateway listener rejects the routes. </li><li>If a route `backendRef` becomes unpermitted, the entire route is removed from the gateway listener. <ul><li>A `backendRef` can become unpermitted when you delete a `ReferencePolicy` or add a new unpermitted `backendRef` to an existing route.</li></ul></li></ul></ul> |
```
First, it might be time to take these elements out of the table format and create a subheading for each object. There are only two columns, which is one fewer column than I think justifies a table. 

Second, tried to make the configuration items consistent with how we use them in the rest of the docs (`backendRef` instead of BackendRef), but I don't know if that's the correct usage.

In any case, I think this is clearer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [`ReferencePolicy`](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha2/references/spec/#gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1alpha2.ReferencePolicy) | <ul><li>Required to allow any reference from a `Gateway` to a Kubernetes `core/v1/Secret` in a different namespace.</li><ul><li>A Gateway with an unpermitted `certificateRefs` caused by the lack of a` ReferencePolicy` sets a `ResolvedRefs` status to `False` with the reason `InvalidCertificateRef`. The Gateway will not become ready in this case.</li></ul><li>Required to allow any reference from an `HTTPRoute` or `TCPRoute` to a Kubernetes `core/v1/Service` in a different namespace.</li><ul><li>A route with an unpermitted `backendRefs` caused by the lack of a `ReferencePolicy` sets a `ResolvedRefs` status to `False` with the reason `RefNotPermitted`. The gateway listener rejects routes with an unpermitted `backendRefs`.</li><li>WARNING: If a route `backendRefs` becomes unpermitted, the entire route is removed from the gateway listener. <ul><li>A `backendRefs` can become unpermitted when you delete a `ReferencePolicy` or add a new unpermitted `backendRefs` to an existing route.</li></ul></li></ul></ul> |
```
